[Music]
welcome they must be from California
it's gonna be all right just the corner
the one that looks the loneliest and
speaking short sentences
hello my name is N it's short for Henry
I'm Sam
self at this Punk do more ultimate do
people do well in ordinary day
we do what we want have you no
restrictions this is uh
that was the future I slept at his house
and met his mom sorry though it's my
first time at this it's taking longer
than I expected and we engaged in
incomplete sexual activity
[Music]
I think they participate in some bizarre
sex rituals no how do you have that I
just don't it happening you have less
than 24 hours to rectify the situation
you're in extreme danger we have to
leave now Sam needs hope we'll need
backup we may have cut this planet up
royally but at least we're alive we like
to eat we like to dance and we try and
fix what our parents screwed up are you
lot with me
[Music]